Update documentation for new export template manager (#12054)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/export/exporting_projects.rst

Export templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Export templates must be installed to export projects. To manage your export
templates go to :menu:`Editor > Manage Export Templates...`.

.. image:: img/export_templates.webp

This will open the export template manager.

.. image:: img/export_template_manager.webp

Here you can see all export templates that are and aren't installed. There are two
ways to install export templates. First, you can check the box for the platform and
architecture you want to use, then click the :button:`Install Selected Templates`
button.

If you click the button in the upper right of the window, you can install templates
from a TPZ file (which is a renamed ZIP archive). You can download a TPZ file of all
export templates from the `download page of the website <https://www.godotengine.org/download>`_.

There is no inherent advantage to using the TPZ file for all platforms,
functionality is identical, and it will take up more space compared to only
selecting what you need. Some more obscure hardware, such as RISC-V on Linux, may

> require you to build your own TPZ file and import it here, as we do not provide

Reviewer: Is building a custom TZP a thing? Like, there is no reason to do so. Custom templates, especially ones that aren't official (consoles etc.), are used via Custom Template setting in export presets. Not sure if editor even supports them otherwise.

And either way, TPZ is only a package for convenient distribution. If you have a custom template, you can just manually copy it to the templates directory, instead of zipping it and installing via editor.

Reviewer 2: Creating custom TPZs is something third-party build distributors may do (e.g. nightly builds), but I agree regular users won't create custom TPZs when building custom templates for a single project. This is especially the case if there is no intent to distribute the templates themselves.

We technically *do* support loading in RISC-V templates from a TPZ, but I'm not sure doubles are supported (yet).

> official builds.

Reviewer 2: I would mention double-precision as it's the most prominent example of a configuration that is supported in the source code, but lacks official builds:

```suggestion
There is no inherent advantage to using the TPZ file for all platforms.
Functionality is identical, and it will take up more space compared to only
selecting what you need. Some configurations such as RISC-V on Linux or
:ref:`double-precision builds <doc_large_world_coordinates>` require you
to build your own TPZ file and import it here, as we do not provide
official builds for those.
```

Export templates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Export templates must be installed to export projects. To manage your export
templates go to :menu:`Editor > Manage Export Templates...`.

.. image:: img/export_templates.webp

This will open the export template manager.

.. image:: img/export_template_manager.webp

Here you can see all export templates that are and aren't installed. There are two
ways to install export templates. First, you can check the box for the platform and
architecture you want to use, then click the :button:`Install Selected Templates`
button.

> .. note:: If you're unsure which architecture you need, check your platforms export

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note:: If you're unsure which architecture you need, check your platform's export
```

          page for a detailed description.

> Below the platform options there's another option called "ICU Data". This is required for

Reviewer 4: Do we not have a Sphinx directive for this stuff, too? Was it `:ui:`, and is it appropriate here?
```suggestion
Below the platform options there's another option called :ui:`ICU Data`. This is required for
```

emojis and the following languages:

- Burmese
- Chinese
- Japanese
- Korean
- Central Khmer
- Lao
- Thai

If you click the button in the upper right of the window, you can install templates

> from a TPZ file (which is a renamed ZIP archive). You can download a TPZ file of all

Reviewer 4: There's potential for a tongue-in-cheek remark, although it likely doesn't fit the tone.
```suggestion
from a TPZ file (essentially a ZIP archive). You can download a TPZ file of all
```
Perhaps it reads better?

export templates from the `download page of the website <https://www.godotengine.org/download>`_.

There is no inherent advantage to using the TPZ file for all platforms,
functionality is identical, and it will take up more space compared to only

> selecting what you need.

Reviewer 4: Semicolon, actually.
```suggestion
There is no inherent advantage to using the TPZ file for all platforms;
its functionality is identical, and it will take up more space compared to only
selecting what you need.
```
Alternative:
```suggestion
There is no inherent advantage to using the TPZ file for all platforms. It is functionally identical, and it will take up more space compared to only
selecting what you need.
```

Also "identical" to what? It's a ambiguous, but the rest of the sentence makes it clearer, so it's not too bad.

Export templates must be installed to export projects. To manage your export
templates go to :menu:`Editor > Manage Export Templates...`.

.. image:: img/export_templates.webp

This will open the export template manager.

.. image:: img/export_template_manager.webp

Here you can see all export templates that are and aren't installed. There are two
ways to install export templates. First, you can check the box for the platform and
architecture you want to use, then click the :button:`Install Selected Templates`
button.

.. note:: If you're unsure which architecture you need, check your platform's export
          page for a detailed description.

Below the platform options there's another option called :ui:`ICU Data`. This is required for
emojis and the following languages:

- Burmese
- Chinese
- Japanese
- Korean
- Central Khmer
- Lao
- Thai

If you click the button in the upper right of the window, you can install templates
from a TPZ file (essentially a ZIP archive). You can download a TPZ file of all
export templates from the `download page of the website <https://www.godotengine.org/download>`_.

There is no inherent advantage to using the TPZ file for all platforms,

> functionality is identical, and it will take up more space compared to only

Reviewer: Some leftover?
